[Music]
yeah
hello hearts how are you well you
know that yesterday followed by this clip from
this collaborator on sálvame de luxe in
the special in which they presented the
first two episodes of in the name
of dew and well he had this comment
that I'm going to put below that has
caused a lot of commotion and a lot of
indignation among the feminist public
amador mohedano according to this man he was going to
marry a girl he was
engaged to to the point that he already had the
wedding dress and so on and he goes to
rosa benito saying the other wolf the
other wolf acts half average she
slept with him and then she told him she was
pregnant and took like she took her
husband so rosario mohedano gets
indignant wolf and the feminists nod
no taken we have to remember that here they are well well
all
the shaved what do you find funny or what is
funny about calling a
woman a wolf no well there are quiet men too
this man is also super
feminist always take the I well
around here nobody nobody  This man says,
please tell the story, tell
your version. Well, Maria Martinez, what are
we talking about? Well, Maria Martinez
has talked about Maria, more dividends -
that varied, she has already had the shame
that, well, nothing, Rosa Benito has said, of
course, she is going to take legal action,
let's see a little what she has
been commenting on, no, and sharing her
Twitter, the problem would not be, she
was with two women at the same time,
clear proof that they are not
feminists here, they are Europhiles, of
course, I mean, the criticism would not
be for Rosa Benito, the criticism would be for Amador, no, that would be the one who would have been playing both sides. Rosa Benito, what is his fault if he was in love, whatever, he was not a collaborator, Mr. Paco Tomás, who is this one that you have seen on screen, you can see him here with the little
LGBT flag and with the little triangle pointing
down. You already know that I am very heavy, not
with these things, no, but I want him to
realize that it is always the same
patterns, not that they fail us, the little flag,
the little red triangle, not pointing down, very
left-wing, very feminist, no, well, he
was quiet there and  asking for thanks
no with how much I admire him and he said nothing the
sexist way of discrediting
a woman he already avoided everything long live
selective feminism mother of god what
this guy comes out of his mouth I imagine that
Rosa Benito will take measures I
would like to know Chayo's opinion well
Rosa Benito has confirmed that yes she
will take measures no we must not forget that
Rocío Carrasco was pregnant when she
married Antonio David and when she had an affair
with Fidel she also had a girlfriend
also in Rocío Carrasco a she-wolf the
owner of the boss now of the
TV factory if Rosa
Benito does it she is a she-wolf okay yes the solution
Carrasco is a victim
of vd gen
what are they
really like it was Jorge's face they are
amazing and here it says Rosa Benito I
will take legal action against what
this man is saying selective feminism no to
abuse freedom for women 12 months
12 causes thank you for your support
which is wonderful reason is
better that you liquidate me rita irasema with
that  I say all the family is reading you, I
send you a huge hug and see you in
the next video
[Music]